Use Case 1: Cut Vinyl

Primary Actor: User

Stakeholders and Interests:
    - User: Wants to cut out graphic, change copies, size, rotation. Wants to
        know how much a job will cost, time and material.  Wants to know how
        device is doing, completion status.  Doesn't want errors or mis cuts.
        Wants customer to be satisfied.
    - Customer: Wants to know costs and time taken, as quick as possible. Wants
        completed product.
    - Company: Wants to keep record of materials used and device usage. History
        of jobs, cost, time, and problems.
    - Graphic: Wants to be in the correct format, editable by user and system.
        Wants to be able to be saved.
    - Device: Wants to recieve job data in correct language to cut.
        Wants to keep the user updated on it's status.

Preconditions: Graphic is in correct format,
    material and device are correctly setup.

Success Guarantee (Postconditions): Job is saved. Graphic is cut correctly by
    device. Prediction and history of job, costs, time, and materials are
    recorded.

Main Success Scenario (or Basic Flow):
1. User launches inkcut.
2. User goes the File Menu and selects Open and opens a file
3. The system opens the file and creates a new job.
4. The system displays a preview of the file on default material
5. User seletcts Material > Setup and chooses a material
6. User selects what paths to cut.
7. User Supplies copies,sizes, rotation, position information.
8. User selects Device > Cut
9. The system displays a final preview, job information.
10. User clicks Ok
11. The system processes the file and adds the job to the device job queue
12. The device cuts out the job when ready.
13. System records the job history, and displays a report.

Extensions:
2a. Incompatible filetype:
    1. The system displays an error and asks for another file.
3a. System detects a problem with the file:
    1. The system displays an error and possibly suggestions to fix the problem
3b. File already has a job associated with it:
    1. The system checks if the file changed, if not:
        1a. The system asks the user if they want to open that job instead
5a. User selects a material that is too large for device.
    1. System displays an error and resets the material to previous value
6a. User doesnt select any paths.
    1. The system asks whether they want to cut all paths
        1a. User says they want to cut all paths
            1. The system selects all paths
        1b. User says they don't want to cut all paths
            1. The system asks the user to select paths to cut
6b. System detects a double path.
    1. System displays a message and asks if they want to continue
        1a. User says continue
        1b. User says not to continue
            1. The system deselects one of the double paths
7a. User chooses combination of copies, size, rotation that wont fit on material
    1. System displays an error and resets the settings to previous value
7b. User selects a position off of the material.
    1. System displays an error and resets the settings to previous value
10a. Preview is not what user wanted, they click cancel
    1. Go back to steps 6-9 and repeat
11a. System detects a problem processing file
    1. The system displays an error and possibly suggestions to fix the problem
    2. The system jumps to 13
11b. System cannot connect to device queue
    1. The system displays an error and attempts to retry
    2. The system jumps to 13
12a. User aborts the job
    1. system pauses the device, possibly resets and jumps to 13

Special Requirements:


Technology and Data Variations List:
3a,6a. File, Paths may be loaded by a plugin for inkscape, illustrator, & corel
11a. System exports the data in multiple languages, camm, hpgl, gpgl, dmpl, ps
13. Report can be saved as sql, xml, ps, or pdf
